[Feat] litmus-docs: Added disk-fill Documentation (#117)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: docs/disk-fill.md

---
id: disk-fill
title: Disk Fill Experiment Details

> sidebar_label: Disk Fill

Reviewer: disk-fill

---
------

## Experiment Metadata

<table>
<tr>
<th> Type </th>
<th>  Description  </th>
<th> Tested K8s Platform </th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td> Chaos </td>
<td> Fillup Ephemeral Storage of a Resource </td>
<td> GKE </td>
</tr>
</table>

## Prerequisites

- Ensure that Kubernetes Version > 1.13
- Ensure that the Litmus Chaos Operator is running
- Ensure that the `disk-fill` experiment resource is available in the cluster. If not, install from [here](https://hub.litmuschaos.io/charts/generic/experiments/disk-fill)
- Cluster must run docker container runtime
- Appropriate Ephemeral Storage Requests, and Limits should be set, before running the experiment

## Entry-Criteria

-   Application pods are healthy before chaos injection.

## Exit-Criteria

-   Application pods are healthy post chaos injection.

## Details

> -   Causes Disk Stress by filling up the Ephemeral Storage of the Pod using one of it containers.

Reviewer: Causes Disk Stress by filling up the ephemeral storage of the pod (in the /var/lib/docker/container/<container-id>) via a daemonset pod on the same node.

> -   Causes Pod to get Evicted if the Pod exceeds it Ephemeral Storage Limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Causes the application pod to get evicted if the capacity filled exceeds the pod's ephemeral storage limit.
```

> -   Tests the Ephemeral Storage Limits, to ensure those parameters are sufficient.

Reviewer: Tests the application's resiliency to disk stress/replica evictions

## Integrations

> -   Disk Fill can be effected using one of these chaos libraries: `litmus`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Disk Fill can be effected using the chaos library: `litmus`, which makes use of `dd` to create file of specified capacity on the node. 
```
